New practice, why are you here?
What's the matter, can't I come?
I didn't mean it that way.
Who are you?
This is my fiancee
So you are the biological daughter of the neighbor
Don't think you're wearing a marriage certificate
You can marry Brother Zhou
The previous one doesn't work.
Neither can you, Liu Guifang
No nonsense
Brother Zhou
How can you yell at me because of this woman?
Humph
I have nothing to do with him
That is.
When Aunt Liu was inconvenient before
Come and bring me meals a few times
It turned out that it was only delivered a few times.
Then he said the one in front is
I don't know what your purpose is
Decided to marry me
But I won't be treated badly if I decide to marry you
You don't have to worry about other things.
You go back first
Sure enough, all Uncle Chuan seniors call me his credit
There is no future for a man
Just mentioned that the ex-wife is like this
Hey wait
What happened again?
Here, take this money and buy yourself something
If it's not enough, ask me for it.
And
Thank you for the happiness.
Who says men have no future?
It's not very promising.
You have to do it well
Aunt Zhao
I'm inviting you today.
We should all be neighbors
Aunt Zhao
I want to ask you
Why did Mr. Zhu rely on it?